Changes-for-issue-46 (#63)
rfc-editor/draft-irtf-cfrg-hash-to-curve: draft-irtf-cfrg-hash-to-curve.md

For case (3), i.e., for H a Merkle-Damgaard hash function, indifferentiability
follows from {{CDMP05}}, Theorem 3.5.
In particular, expand\_message\_xmd computes b\_0 by prefixing the message

> with one block of zero bytes plus auxiliary information (length, counter, and DST).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
with one block of zeros plus auxiliary information (length, counter, and DST).
```

Not sure, if the sentence can be interpreted as: "a block that has a length of zero bytes", instead of a block with all zeros.

Reviewer 2: Agreed that it would be good to avoid the garden path, "a block of bytes with length zero".
